[systemtest] Load ST variables from json config (#3391)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: development-docs/TESTING.md

## Environment variables

System tests can be configured by several environment variables, which are loaded before test execution.
Variables can be defined via env or via configuration file, this file can be placed anywhere and path to this

> file is defined by env variable `CONFIG`, if `CONFIG` env variable is not defined, default config location is used `systemtests/config.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
file is defined by env variable `CONFIG`, if `CONFIG` env variable is not defined, default config location is used `systemtest/config.json`.
```

> Variables can be defined via env or via configuration file, this file can be placed anywhere and path to this
> file is defined by env variable `CONFIG`, if `CONFIG` env variable is not defined, default config location is used `systemtest/config.json`.
> 
> Loading of variables has following priority:
> 1. Environment variable
> 2. Variable defined in config
> 3. Default value

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Variables can be defined via environmental variables or a configuration file, this file can be located anywhere on the file system as long as a path is provided to this file. 
The path is defined by environmental variable `SYSTEM_TEST_CONFIG_PATH`, if the `SYSTEM_TEST_CONFIG_PATH` environmental variable is not defined, the default config file location is used `systemtest/config.json`.

Loading of system configuration has the following priority order:
1. Environment variable
2. Variable defined in configuration file
3. Default value
```
I recommend CONFIG -> `SYSTEM_TEST_CONFIG_PATH` as it's less likely to conflict with pre-set envars on running systems.
